---
title: Hello, world!
slug: /
date: 2019-01-29
---

# This is my blog

Am cool dev from `germany.berlin()` :P

With the Dropbox Business API — and an assist from a few Python scripts—you’ll be automating user lifecycle management,
giving your company more time and security. Long gone are the days of employees waiting for the IT department to manually
grant them access to the files they need; now, a simple script can give them that access before they even step through the door.  

This article covered some of the User Lifecycle Management capabilities available in the Dropbox Business API such as
adding a team member, removing a team member, suspending a team member, and provided guidance around best practices.
But this is just the beginning. The Dropbox API can help you with many other tasks such as managing groups, granting
administrative permissions, setting secondary e-mail addresses, and setting member space limits. Please take the time
to look at the Dropbox Business API Documentation and see what else you can automate with it.

```rust {2,4-5}
mod backend;

use backend::service::emails;

async fn main() -> Result<(), Error> {
	println!("This code is very modern :p");

	emails.send(emails.Configuration {
		sender: "sender",
		reciever: "reciever",
		text: "heyo :)"
	}).await;

	Ok(())
}
```

This article covered some of the User Lifecycle Management capabilities available in the Dropbox Business API such as
adding a team member, removing a team member, suspending a team member, and provided guidance around best practices.
But this is just the beginning. The Dropbox API can help you with many other tasks such as managing groups, granting
administrative permissions, setting secondary e-mail addresses, and setting member space limits. Please take the time
to look at the Dropbox Business API Documentation and see what else you can automate with it. adding a team member, 
removing a team member, suspending a team member, and provided guidance around best practices. But this is just the
beginning. The Dropbox API can help you with many other tasks such as managing groups, granting. Please take the time
administrative permissions, setting secondary e-mail addresses, and setting member space limits. you can automate with
to look at the Dropbox Business API Documentation and see what else you can automate with it.


```haskell
main :: IO
main = do
    db <- dbConnection "127.0.0.1:27017" ("user", "pass")
	-- insert complicated haskell code here
```

This article covered some of the User Lifecycle Management capabilities available in the Dropbox Business API such as
adding a team member, removing a team member, suspending a team member, and provided guidance around best practices.
But this is just the beginning. The Dropbox API can help you with many other tasks such as managing groups, granting
administrative permissions, setting secondary e-mail addresses, and setting member space limits. Please take the time
to look at the Dropbox Business API Documentation and see what else you can automate with it.
